18:35:20 02/12/21 PST
https://covidbi.timetap.com/
Click through the screens on the right to reserve a vaccination time with Bainbridge Prepares and our pharmacy partners. 
Vaccination Locations:
Bainbridge Island (Kitsap County):
Senior Center, 370 Brien Dr. SE, Bainbridge Island
Port Hadlock/Chimacum (Jefferson County):
Chimacum Grange, 9572 Rhody Dr. Chimacum, WA 98325
Need Assistance?
Managing your own appointments and need some help? Read the how-to guides on:
Booking your first appointment
Registering on our scheduler
Cancelling or Rescheduling an appointment
 UPDATE 2/12 3:00 PM PST: Due to inclement weather, the Saturday, 2/13 clinic has been CANCELLED and will be rescheduled. If you have a confirmed appointment, it will be rebooked for a later date.
If you are registering for a second "booster" dose, PLEASE indicate when and where you received your first dose when requesting an appointment. Without that information we will DECLINE your requested appointment time. 
If your appointment is approved you will receive an email confirmation. You will also get a reminder email before your appointment specifying the location.
NOTE: At this time, there are many unknowns regarding vaccine distribution and administration; schedules, protocols, and communication may need to be altered or cancelled at a moment's notice. Please bear with us while we navigate these challenges.
** Please click on the "Next" button below to begin. **Additional Information
Bainbridge Prepares, the Bainbridge Island Community Pharmacy, Tri Area Pharmacy (Port Hadlock), Bainbridge Island Fire Department, and the City of Bainbridge Island has partnered to offer COVID-19 vaccinations to the greater Kitsap and Jefferson county communities in Washington State. 
Due to the high demand of Covid vaccines, we can not guarantee your time slot if you are more than 30 minutes late to your appointment.
If you have questions that aren't answered by this site, please email covid-vaccines@bainbridgeprepares.org. DUE TO THE EXTREMELY HIGH VOLUME OF EMAILS, we will not be able to answer questions of eligibility. And we do not maintain a "waitlist" for end-of-the-day doses (we have established equitable methods of handling those), so please do not ask to be put on one.

1613183720