09:38:03 02/09/21 PST
https://jeffersonhealthcare.org/covid-19-vaccine/



Jefferson Healthcare is public hospital located in Port Townsend, Washington
This page was last updated 02/09/2021 at 9:32 pm
Vaccine Update, Monday, February 8, 2021
(edit was made to the orders placed on 02/08/21)
Vaccine Clinic:
The Jefferson Healthcare Drive Thru Immunization Clinic operated all weekend and provided 458 second/booster dose shots. We did not provide any first/primary shots due to limited vaccine availability. To date, we have provided 5,056 total vaccinations and completed 1,553 two dose regimens, representing 6% of our population.
The vaccination center was open today and will provide second/booster doses every day for the next 5 days (2/8-12). During this stretch, we expect to provide 1,727-second dose/booster vaccinations completing the two-shot regimen for 94% of our patients.
Read More
We have limited ability to schedule additional first/primary dose vaccinations because of unfilled vaccination orders. We do expect some first/primary dose vaccinations (300-400) to be scheduled next week due to our vaccination team’s ability to draw extra doses from each Pfizer vial, in a CDC acceptable manner. These vaccinations will be prioritized by existing eligible age cohort, clinical frailty, and community equity.*
Vaccine Supply:
Jefferson Healthcare placed an order today, 2/8 for 975 Pfizer first dose/primary shots, 500 Moderna first/primary shots and 200 Moderna second dose/booster shots from the DOH, an amount proportional to the size of our community. Typically, the order takes 3-4 days to process and we will likely learn the results no later than Thursday, 2/11. If our order is approved, it will be shipped over the weekend and received Monday, 2/15. Upon order confirmation, we will resume scheduling first/primary dose shots and operate the vaccination clinic daily until all shots are put in arms.  If our order is rejected, we will place another order next Monday.
In addition, Jefferson County Public Health submitted an order for an additional 500 Moderna vaccinations. If successful, the vaccine will be transferred to Jefferson Healthcare and we will immediately begin scheduling first/primary dose vaccinations with this supply.
Vaccine Supply Assessment:
We are still in the middle of a vaccine shortage, due to extraordinarily high demand and limited Pfizer/Moderna supply. This shortage is more acute for rural communities because the DOH is redirecting as much as 40% of all vaccines to urban mass vaccination sites. We expect this shortage to continue until the end of the month. Johnson & Johnson has applied for FDA Emergency Use Authorization and is prepared to ship 3-5 million doses by early March and another 100 million doses by end of June. Additionally, the Johnson & Johnson product is a 1 dose vaccine so we expect it to markedly improve the availability of supply and efficiency of vaccinating our community.
View complete vaccination dashboard
View previous updates
This post will be updated Wednesday, February 10.
*Age cohort: 75 years old and older.  We will remain in this age band until all/most residents have the opportunity to be vaccinated.
Clinically frail: A select number of active oncology, home health patients, and other clinically frail and vulnerable patients. This cohort is narrowly defined by medical staff leadership.
Community Equity: Members of our community eligible for vaccination but being left behind.


Jefferson Healthcare’s Immunization Clinic will provide 2nd dose/booster shots for the next several days.  We will resume scheduling and vaccinating first dose patients the moment additional vaccine becomes available.
El centro de vacunación de Jefferson Healthcare proporcionará una segunda dosis / inyecciones de refuerzo durante los próximos días.  Reanudaremos la programación y la vacunación de los pacientes con la primera dosis en el momento en que se disponga de una vacuna adicional.


“How will I know it’s my turn?”
Anyone 65 years old and older can register to be notified when they are eligible to be vaccinated at Jefferson Healthcare in Port Townsend, Washington.
Please note, due to limited supply, the notification does not guarantee an appointment.
Tell me when it's my turn! I'm over 65 years old.


Listen to KPTZ’s Through Science to Health as Dr. Mattern gives an overview of logistics, from supply and allocation to scheduling. He emphasizes the importance of following protocols, even after receiving the second dose. He also discusses the variants of the virus, dosage efficacy, and projections for getting our population here in the county vaccinated.
Listen now





Who is eligible to schedule a vaccination in Jefferson County?We will resume scheduling and vaccinating first dose patients the moment additional vaccines become available.
Anyone 65 years and older can register to be notified when Jefferson Healthcare is again scheduling first doses.
Register to be notified when it's your turn.Use the button above to submit your name, email and birthdate to be notified when it is your turn.
For those 64 and younger, it’s not your turn yet.  Check back to the website frequently to learn when registration for notifications opens.
Notification email does not guarantee an appointment. It does eliminate the need to check the site daily to see if a new age band has opened.
How can I make a COVID-19 Immunization appointment?We have paused all future appointments until additional shipments of vaccine are received from the state.  We will continue to update our website with new information as it becomes available. Volunteers at Emergency Management will not be answering calls during this time.
The State says I’m eligible because I’m over 65, why won’t Jefferson Healthcare vaccinate me now?Jefferson County is the oldest county in the state, 12,000 of our residents (more than 1/4 of our population) are over the age of 65.  At this time, we have not been allocated enough vaccine to do a complete immunization rollout for phase 1B.  The county public health officer and our Chief Medical Officer believe it is imperative to immunize our oldest and most vulnerable community members first.  Starting with the oldest population protects the most at risk for hospitalization and death from COVID-19.
I am 50 years and older and I live in multigenerational household taking care of my grandchildren/parent/family member. When can I get vaccinated?For now, we will focus on 65+ population until clarification from State on the multigenerational component.  Once we have a better understanding of our vaccine shipments from the state we can open to include this important population segment.
What about vaccinating other household members?Until we receive further instruction from the state we are only vaccinating by age.
How quickly will scheduling open to younger patients?The more vaccine we receive, the more we can schedule.  We rely on the State to supply us with vaccine and we have requested large enough quantity to cover us until it arrives.
Is there a waitlist?There is no waitlist.  Appointments can be scheduled through our website when your age band is announced.
Why are we only vaccinating Jefferson County Residents and Jefferson Healthcare patients?The state is basing vaccine allocation on county population,  Jefferson Healthcare’s primary responsibility is to county residents and the patients we serve.
When are you going to open a mass immunization clinic similar to other communities?Jefferson Healthcare has received several allocation of Pfizer vaccine, which consists of 975 doses in each allocation.   Once we receive larger allocations, we will begin to open up broader age bands and possibly, large scale vaccination events.
Once I have an appointment, where will I go to get a COVID-19 Immunization?All immunization will occur by appointment only at the Jefferson Healthcare Drive-Thru Immunization Clinic located on 7th & Cleveland Street behind the Manresa Castle.
Follow this link for a google map https://goo.gl/maps/g2Ks9mh9tsfJpGcF8
If I choose not to get vaccinated when my phase begins will I be able to schedule at a later tier?Past phases will always be eligible for vaccination and those individuals can schedule based on availability of vaccine.
I have scheduled my appointment but need to change the date or time. What do I do?The COVID-19 Vaccine line can help change previously scheduled appointments 360.344.3097.  Do not call to schedule your first appointment.
I am phase 1A can I still get vaccinated?Past phases will always be eligible for vaccination if supply is on hand. Individuals who qualify for phase 1A are still eligible to receive immunization once additional vaccine is received from the state.  Those who qualify can email vaccineresponse@jeffersonhealthcare.org for further instructions.
Are there reactions to the vaccine?Some individuals report vaccine reactions after receiving the vaccine.  It is important to talk with your primary care provider if you have a history of allergic reactions to any vaccine, injectable or any component of the COVID-19 vaccine (for more information, see the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Emergency Use Approval Fact Sheet).
You can also learn more COVID-19 Vaccines and Allergic Reactions
The CDC recently posted this article: Allergic Reactions Including Anaphylaxis After Receipt of the First Dose of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine — United States, December 14–23, 2020
Do I still need to wear a mask after my vaccine?Yes, wearing a mask provides an additional layer of protection.  The same way social distancing and hand washing provide layers.  When you receive the vaccine you have an additional layer of protection.
I would like to volunteer to help with vaccination efforts.Reach out to EOC to become preregistered as an emergency volunteer jcdem@co.jefferson.wa.us 
Is there any reason I would not be able to schedule right now?
Not have had a lab-confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 in the last 10 days
Not be sick with symptoms of fever, cough, body aches, chills, shortness of breath, sore throat, fatigue, congestion, runny nose, headache, loss of taste or smell, nausea, vomiting, and/or diarrhea
Not have had contact with a lab-confirmed case of COVID-19 in the last 14 days
Not be allergic to any component of the COVID-19 vaccine (for more information, see the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Emergency Use Approval Fact Sheet)
Which vaccine is Jefferson Healthcare administering?We are currently vaccinating with the Pfizer vaccine allocated to us by the Washington State Department of Health.  The Pfizer vaccine requires two doses no sooner than 17 days between doses.  Vaccine doses must be the same brand.  First dose Pfizer must receive second dose Pfizer.
Can I get vaccinated anywhere else?Jefferson Healthcare is partnering with Tri-Area Pharmacy in Port Hadlock for vaccination.  The Pharmacy is following the same age band criteria Jefferson Healthcare is using.
There are other vaccination locations throughout the state.
Vaccination brands must stay consistent.  If you receive Pfizer vaccine for your first dose you must receive Pfizer for your second dose and the same is true for Moderna.
What is the next phase to be eligible for vaccination?On January 6, 2021, the Washington State Department of Health announced the tiered approach to phase 1b.  The state has not moved to 1b, information was announced for planning purposes.  This new information allows Jefferson Healthcare to enhance our distribution plan to serve the community efficiently, equitably as well as forecast inventory deliveries from the state.  Our organization is currently busy scheduling phase 1a vaccinations and we need to be able to focus on them in the short term. We will reach out to the community with the next steps, once we know more.  Please continue to visit our website.
1b1 (Tier 1) 
All people 65 years and older
People 50 years and older who live in multigenerational households
1b2 (Tier 2)
High-risk critical workers 50 years and older who work in congregate settings:
Agriculture; food processing; grocery stores; K-12 (teachers and school staff); child care; corrections, prisons, jails, or detention facilities (staff); public transit; fire; law enforcement
1b3 (Tier 3)
People 16 years or older with 2 or more co-morbidities or underlying condition
1b4 (Tier 4)
High-risk critical workers in congregate settings under 50 years old
People, staff, and volunteers of all ages in congregate living settings:
Correctional facilities; group homes for people with disabilities; shelters for people experiencing homelessness
How do I know which sources of COVID-19 vaccine information are accurate?Before considering vaccine information on the Internet, check that the information comes from a credible source and is updated on a regular basis. Learn more  here.
I have more questions about the vaccine.Information about the vaccine is changing by the hour.  We will keep this page as current as possible, but if you have more questions please visit
CDC page about Vaccine FAQ
Washington State Department of Health Vaccine Information
Vaccine Information for You and Your Family
CDC Benefits of Getting a COVID-19 Vaccine


Respiratory Illness Nurse Consult Line
360.344.3094
If you are experiencing respiratory illness symptoms please call.  Additional information about the vaccine will be posted as it becomes available.  Please do not call the Nurse Consult Line regarding vaccine questions.
Vaccine Forms
Print and complete before each appointment
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record  (Pfizer-BioNTech)
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine Pre-screening SPANISH
Please read before immunization
V-safe Information
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Moderna)
MyChart
Sign up for MyChart or update your information in MyChart.
Include email address to ensure phase notification for the COVID-19 Vaccine.
My Chart Providence Washington offers secure online access to portions of your electronic health record (EHR), called Epic. It enables you to securely use the Internet to receive and help manage information about your health, such as prescription refills and health records.
Community Communication
Community Letter 12/16/2020
Facebook  JeffersonHealthcarePT
Instagram JeffersonHealthcare


Respiratory Illness Nurse Consult Line
360.344.3094
If you are experiencing respiratory illness symptoms please call.  Additional information about the vaccine will be posted as it becomes available.  Please do not call the Nurse Consult Line regarding vaccine questions.
Vaccine Forms
Print and complete before each appointment
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record  (Pfizer-BioNTech)
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine Pre-screening SPANISH
Please read before immunization
V-safe Information
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Moderna)
MyChart
Sign up for MyChart or update your information in MyChart.
Include email address to ensure phase notification for the COVID-19 Vaccine.
My Chart Providence Washington offers secure online access to portions of your electronic health record (EHR), called Epic. It enables you to securely use the Internet to receive and help manage information about your health, such as prescription refills and health records.
Community Communication
Community Letter 12/16/2020
Facebook  JeffersonHealthcarePT
Instagram JeffersonHealthcare


Doc Talk | COVID-19 Vaccine
Chief Medical Officers offer their knowledge and expertise on the COVID-19 Vaccine.
COVID-19 and the vaccine is ever-changing.  All information given at the time of this recording (December 11, 2020) may not all be 100% accurate at the time of viewing. Significant changes will alert us to remove the content. 


COVID-19 Vaccine | How it works in the body
COVID-19 Vaccine | Efficacy
COVID-19 Vaccine | Who's in?


COVID-19 Vaccine | Was the vaccine rushed to market?
COVID-19 Vaccine | When can we stop masking?

1612892283