15:56:21 02/15/21 PST
https://jeffersonhealthcare.org/covid-19-vaccine/



Jefferson Healthcare is public hospital located in Port Townsend, Washington
This page was last updated 02/15/2021 at 1:55 pm
Vaccination Update, Friday, February 12, 2021
Vaccine Supply:
We have vaccine!
This morning (Friday, 2/12) we were informed that our orders for 200 Moderna second/booster dose vaccines AND 975 Pfizer first/primary dose vaccines were approved. Inclement weather has complicated shipping, so we have been told to expect delivery Tuesday, February 16. We will operate the immunization clinic this coming Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and the following Monday to assure all Pfizer 1st dose/booster shots are delivered as quickly as possible. The Moderna vaccine supply is designated for 2nd/booster dose shots and will be used to fill prescheduled 2nd dose vaccinations.
Read More
We have heard from many of you that our system of pushing out vaccine availability emails to the entire community when only a few appointments are available sets off a mad scramble to our JOT scheduling system and creates in the words of one resident, a “Black Friday Sale shopping like frenzy” for those seeking vaccinations. We agree; this is not the fairest and most reasonable way to allocate vaccines.
Next week’s appointments will be targeted at the oldest and frailest in our community. Accordingly, we plan to pull in, starting at the top of the list and in descending order of age, the oldest residents of our community who have registered through the  “When is it my turn” link on our site, which is now over 7000 patients long. 
The vaccine email will include a scheduling link to our JOT registration system and we will allow 48 hours for the recipient to accept the invitation and schedule directly on our JOT system. This approach accomplishes many things; first, it maintains our commitment to vaccinating the oldest, frailest, and most vulnerable residents first. Second, it removes the anxiety and stampede like urgency triggered when we announce vaccine is available. And third, it reassures all residents that when you register for “When is it my turn” there is a fair-minded and methodical system in place. Simply put, once registered, there is one primary line, it is moving and you’re in it.  
In addition, we will continue to target our most clinically frail by identifying a minor portion of vaccine from each allotment for the most clinically frail and vulnerable, as defined by the CDC and Jefferson Healthcare medical staff leadership, and a minor portion of vaccine to reach out to communities who have been left behind and are also most vulnerable to the ravages of COVID-19. While these two cohorts represent a very small portion of the vaccine supply, it is important that we be transparent about our commitment to an equitable vaccine delivery system and how we intend to act on this commitment.
Vaccine Supply/Demand Imbalance:
Wednesday, we shared the imbalance of the supply and demand on a state level (446,750 doses ordered by the state and only 206,125 confirmed from the federal government). And Thursday, we received additional information from DOH of the rebalancing of first and second doses for next week. Data shows there are currently more people due for second doses than anticipated in Washington since some second-dose stock was given out as first doses over the past month.
To correct for this, DOH will prioritize second-dose orders next week for the entire state. The hope is that this is enough of a course correction and going forward this would put the entire state back into alignment on first and second doses for each order. Given this information, we were especially pleased to receive notice of allocation for Pfizer first dose/primary shots.
Vaccine Clinic:
The Drive-Thru Immunization Clinic will complete second dose/booster vaccinations late Friday afternoon. As of the end of day Thursday, we have provided 6,492 total vaccinations and completed 2,983 two dose regimens, representing 11% of our population completing the series.
Vaccine Supply Assessment:
Information at the state level discusses new allocation plans which would allow for better future planning. This would provide predictability for our organization as well as provide a much needed line of sight on vaccine availability for our community. We will keep you informed of these changes when we learn more.
Current Washington vaccine supply forecast:
Week Ending February 14, 2021, 206125 total (113,800 first doses, 92,325 second doses)
Week Ending February 21, 2021, 240620 total doses, (123,160 first doses, 117,460 second doses)
Week Ending February 28, 2021, 242360 total doses (128,560 first doses, 113,800 second doses)
Please refer back to this page on Wednesday afternoon for an update on Jefferson Healthcare vaccine supply.
View complete vaccination dashboard
View previous updates
This post will be updated Wednesday, February 17.


Jefferson Healthcare’s Immunization Clinic will provide 2nd dose/booster shots for the next several days.  We will resume scheduling and vaccinating first dose patients the moment additional vaccine becomes available.
El centro de vacunación de Jefferson Healthcare proporcionará una segunda dosis / inyecciones de refuerzo durante los próximos días.  Reanudaremos la programación y la vacunación de los pacientes con la primera dosis en el momento en que se disponga de una vacuna adicional.


“How will I know it’s my turn?”
Anyone 65 years old and older can register to be notified when they are eligible to be vaccinated at Jefferson Healthcare in Port Townsend, Washington.
Please note, due to limited supply, the notification does not guarantee an appointment.
Tell me when it's my turn! I'm over 65 years old.


Listen to KPTZ’s Through Science to Health as Dr. Mattern gives an overview of logistics, from supply and allocation to scheduling. He emphasizes the importance of following protocols, even after receiving the second dose. He also discusses the variants of the virus, dosage efficacy, and projections for getting our population here in the county vaccinated.
Listen now





How can I make a COVID-19 Immunization appointment?Everyone 65 and older uses the link on vaccine page to register to be notified “When it is your turn”. (The same email can be used for multiple members in a household, but each person should sign up separately.) Once registered for notification, and vaccine is available, an email invitation will be sent when an appointment slot available. We will contact the oldest and most vulnerable on the list and work our way down.
The notification email will include a scheduling link and allow 48 hours for the recipient to accept the invitation and schedule. If there is no response to the invitation the email will go back in line and a new link will be sent when the next vaccine allocation is received.
Who is eligible to schedule a vaccination in Jefferson County?We are currently targeting our oldest and most medically vulnerable community members who are Jefferson County residents or individuals with a Jefferson Healthcare primary care provider.
Anyone 65 years and older can register to be notified when Jefferson Healthcare is again scheduling first doses.
Register to be notified when it's your turn.Use the button above to submit your name, email and birthdate to be notified when it is your turn.
For those 64 and younger, it’s not your turn yet.  Check back to the website frequently to learn when registration for notifications opens.
Notification email does not guarantee an appointment. It does eliminate the need to check the site daily to see if a new age band has opened.
The State says I’m eligible because I’m over 65, why won’t Jefferson Healthcare vaccinate me now?Jefferson County is the oldest county in the state, 12,000 of our residents (more than 1/4 of our population) are over the age of 65.  At this time, we have not been allocated enough vaccine to do a complete immunization rollout for phase 1B.  The county public health officer and our Chief Medical Officer believe it is imperative to immunize our oldest and most vulnerable community members first.  Starting with the oldest population protects the most at risk for hospitalization and death from COVID-19.
I am 50 years and older and I live in multigenerational household taking care of my grandchildren/parent/family member. When can I get vaccinated?For now, we will focus on 65+ population until clarification from State on the multigenerational component.  Once we have a better understanding of our vaccine shipments from the state we can open to include this important population segment.
What about vaccinating other household members?Until we receive further instruction from the state we are only vaccinating by age.
How quickly will scheduling open to younger patients?The more vaccine we receive, the more we can schedule.  We rely on the State to supply us with vaccine and we have requested large enough quantity to cover us until it arrives.
Why are we only vaccinating Jefferson County Residents and Jefferson Healthcare patients?The state bases vaccine allocation on county population,  Jefferson Healthcare’s primary responsibility is to county residents and the patients we serve.
When are you going to open a mass immunization clinic similar to other communities?Jefferson Healthcare has received several allocation of Pfizer vaccine, which consists of 975 doses in each allocation.   Once we receive larger allocations, we will begin to open up broader age bands and possibly, large scale vaccination events.
Once I have an appointment, where will I go to get a COVID-19 Immunization?All immunization will occur by appointment only at the Jefferson Healthcare Drive-Thru Immunization Clinic located on 7th & Cleveland Street behind the Manresa Castle.
Follow this link for a google map https://goo.gl/maps/g2Ks9mh9tsfJpGcF8
If I choose not to get vaccinated when my phase begins will I be able to schedule at a later tier?Past phases will always be eligible for vaccination and those individuals can schedule based on availability of vaccine.
I have scheduled my appointment but need to change the date or time. What do I do?The COVID-19 Vaccine line can help change previously scheduled appointments 360.344.3097.  Do not call to schedule your first appointment.
I am phase 1A can I still get vaccinated?Past phases will always be eligible for vaccination if supply is on hand. Individuals who qualify for phase 1A are still eligible to receive immunization once additional vaccine is received from the state.  Those who qualify can email vaccineresponse@jeffersonhealthcare.org for further instructions.
Are there reactions to the vaccine?Some individuals report vaccine reactions after receiving the vaccine.  It is important to talk with your primary care provider if you have a history of allergic reactions to any vaccine, injectable or any component of the COVID-19 vaccine (for more information, see the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Emergency Use Approval Fact Sheet).
You can also learn more COVID-19 Vaccines and Allergic Reactions
The CDC recently posted this article: Allergic Reactions Including Anaphylaxis After Receipt of the First Dose of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine — United States, December 14–23, 2020
Do I still need to wear a mask after my vaccine?Yes, wearing a mask provides an additional layer of protection.  The same way social distancing and hand washing provide layers.  When you receive the vaccine you have an additional layer of protection.
I would like to volunteer to help with vaccination efforts.Reach out to EOC to become preregistered as an emergency volunteer jcdem@co.jefferson.wa.us 
Is there any reason I would not be able to schedule right now?
Not have had a lab-confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19 in the last 10 days
Not be sick with symptoms of fever, cough, body aches, chills, shortness of breath, sore throat, fatigue, congestion, runny nose, headache, loss of taste or smell, nausea, vomiting, and/or diarrhea
Not have had contact with a lab-confirmed case of COVID-19 in the last 14 days
Not be allergic to any component of the COVID-19 vaccine (for more information, see the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Emergency Use Approval Fact Sheet)
Which vaccine is Jefferson Healthcare administering?We are currently vaccinating with the Pfizer vaccine allocated to us by the Washington State Department of Health.  The Pfizer vaccine requires two doses no sooner than 17 days between doses.  Vaccine doses must be the same brand.  First dose Pfizer must receive second dose Pfizer.
Can I get vaccinated anywhere else?Jefferson Healthcare is partnering with Tri-Area Pharmacy in Port Hadlock for vaccination.  The Pharmacy is following the same age band criteria Jefferson Healthcare is using.
There are other vaccination locations throughout the state.
Vaccination brands must stay consistent.  If you receive Pfizer vaccine for your first dose you must receive Pfizer for your second dose and the same is true for Moderna.
What is the next phase to be eligible for vaccination?On January 6, 2021, the Washington State Department of Health announced the tiered approach to phase 1b.  The state has not moved to 1b, information was announced for planning purposes.  This new information allows Jefferson Healthcare to enhance our distribution plan to serve the community efficiently, equitably as well as forecast inventory deliveries from the state.  Our organization is currently busy scheduling phase 1a vaccinations and we need to be able to focus on them in the short term. We will reach out to the community with the next steps, once we know more.  Please continue to visit our website.
1b1 (Tier 1) 
All people 65 years and older
People 50 years and older who live in multigenerational households
1b2 (Tier 2)
High-risk critical workers 50 years and older who work in congregate settings:
Agriculture; food processing; grocery stores; K-12 (teachers and school staff); child care; corrections, prisons, jails, or detention facilities (staff); public transit; fire; law enforcement
1b3 (Tier 3)
People 16 years or older with 2 or more co-morbidities or underlying condition
1b4 (Tier 4)
High-risk critical workers in congregate settings under 50 years old
People, staff, and volunteers of all ages in congregate living settings:
Correctional facilities; group homes for people with disabilities; shelters for people experiencing homelessness
How do I know which sources of COVID-19 vaccine information are accurate?Before considering vaccine information on the Internet, check that the information comes from a credible source and is updated on a regular basis. Learn more  here.
I have more questions about the vaccine.Information about the vaccine is changing by the hour.  We will keep this page as current as possible, but if you have more questions please visit
CDC page about Vaccine FAQ
Washington State Department of Health Vaccine Information
Vaccine Information for You and Your Family
CDC Benefits of Getting a COVID-19 Vaccine


Respiratory Illness Nurse Consult Line
360.344.3094
If you are experiencing respiratory illness symptoms please call.  Additional information about the vaccine will be posted as it becomes available.  Please do not call the Nurse Consult Line regarding vaccine questions.
Vaccine Forms
Print and complete before each appointment
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record  (Pfizer-BioNTech)
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine Pre-screening SPANISH
Please read before immunization
V-safe Information
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Moderna)
MyChart
Sign up for MyChart or update your information in MyChart.
Include email address to ensure phase notification for the COVID-19 Vaccine.
My Chart Providence Washington offers secure online access to portions of your electronic health record (EHR), called Epic. It enables you to securely use the Internet to receive and help manage information about your health, such as prescription refills and health records.
Community Communication
Community Letter 12/16/2020
Facebook  JeffersonHealthcarePT
Instagram JeffersonHealthcare


Respiratory Illness Nurse Consult Line
360.344.3094
If you are experiencing respiratory illness symptoms please call.  Additional information about the vaccine will be posted as it becomes available.  Please do not call the Nurse Consult Line regarding vaccine questions.
Vaccine Forms
Print and complete before each appointment
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record  (Pfizer-BioNTech)
COVID-19 Vaccine Patient Acknowledgment and Administration Record (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine Pre-screening SPANISH
Please read before immunization
V-safe Information
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information (Moderna)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Pfizer)
COVID-19 Vaccine EUA Information SPANISH (Moderna)
MyChart
Sign up for MyChart or update your information in MyChart.
Include email address to ensure phase notification for the COVID-19 Vaccine.
My Chart Providence Washington offers secure online access to portions of your electronic health record (EHR), called Epic. It enables you to securely use the Internet to receive and help manage information about your health, such as prescription refills and health records.
Community Communication
Community Letter 12/16/2020
Facebook  JeffersonHealthcarePT
Instagram JeffersonHealthcare


Doc Talk | COVID-19 Vaccine
Chief Medical Officers offer their knowledge and expertise on the COVID-19 Vaccine.
COVID-19 and the vaccine is ever-changing.  All information given at the time of this recording (December 11, 2020) may not all be 100% accurate at the time of viewing. Significant changes will alert us to remove the content. 


COVID-19 Vaccine | How it works in the body
COVID-19 Vaccine | Efficacy
COVID-19 Vaccine | Who's in?


COVID-19 Vaccine | Was the vaccine rushed to market?
COVID-19 Vaccine | When can we stop masking?

1613433381