15:11:37 02/10/21 PST
https://islanddrug.com/pages/covidvaccine/
Vaccine Stocked?Yes – ModernaLocationOak Harbor – LimitedCurrent Phase Immunizing: (pls sign up below for phase/eligibility change notification emails)1a2 (Health Care & LTC)AND1b1 (65+ yrs and 50+yrs in multigenerational)
NEW APPOINTMENT LOOKUP TOOL – Appointment Management Instructions
Moderna Vaccine IN STOCKAll three locationsCurrently Immunizing 1A & 1B-1, BY APPOINTMENT ONLY
We are excited to welcome these groups to book an appointment now:
All people 65 years or olderAll people 50 years or older in multigenerational householdsAll workers in health care or long-term care setting
2/8/21 Only Vaccinating Second Dose Currently & minimal order quantitiesWe are down to a few doses left for second dose appointments. Further, allocations are only 100 for Oak Harbor and 100 for La Conner this week (expected arrival tomorrow).
Unfortunately, our second dose appointments originally scheduled for this week will need to be pushed back a week. The state did NOT fulfill our booster doses. We are in communication with them and expect a resolution — you do NOT need to look elsewhere, they are coming soon. This is happening all over the country. DON’T worry about delaying your booster shot by a couple weeks — detailed reasons why found here. Your immunity is NOT in jeopardy,
We are actively adjusting appointments to reflect allocations. Please communicate with elected officials to express the need for sufficient order fulfillment here.
If it’s not feasible to adhere to those recommended intervals, for example, because of limited supply, the CDC said the second dose of both vaccines can be given up to six weeks after the first.
Officials with UW Medicine said some patients will wait six weeks between doses.“Your vaccine will still be safe and effective within this full timeframe,” UW Medicine said on its website.Dr. Deborah Fuller, a professor in the Department of Microbiology at the UW School of Medicine, has studied vaccine dosing timeframes and said the longer window shouldn’t stress patients out.“The immune cells that are primed by the first dose are going to be there, they’re going to be ready to respond whether you get your [second dose] at three, four, five, or six weeks, it’s still going to work just as well,” she said.Overlake Medical Center and Hospital said it’s scheduling second doses within the three to six-week CDC-recommended timeframe.The CDC said it’s not advocating for a delay in dosing, but data from clinical trials back up their guidance about the six weeks option.king5
2/6/21 10am- All weekend appointments have been rescheduledSupplies are almost exhausted, and no vaccinations taking place Sat/Sun. Staff is assessing how appointments will proceed next week as details of allocations become finalized this weekend.
Details coming, thanks for hanging with us.
2/5/21 5am- Second Dose Appointments onlyWe are currently vaccinating our second dose patients — by appointment only.
Please no walk-ins looking for first dose. We will update soon when supply updates are available.
2/1/21 5am- UPDATE, systems back onlineWe appreciate your patience while our staff worked hard this weekend to sustain vaccination efforts (please thank them on Facebook!) — Fran was the team member diligently updating the appointments. Even on days without giving shots, we are engaged in this pandemic response.
The Appointment Booking Platform is back online! –As is the appointment lookup tool
Few important updates aside from that.
Many of you followed advice to modify/cancel via the method described here. During the planned downtime however, those magic links didn’t work (all part of the same system). PLEASE TRY YOUR MODIFICATION/CANCELATION REQUESTS AGAIN. The requests for such modifications to be done manually are about 100x our staff capacity — assume we didn’t see them. Your fellow community members appreciate your efforts to keep appointment requests current. Thank you in advance. You rock!All the appointment adjustments beyond this week are complete. We have confirmed all the people with appointments Mon/Tue received personal updates to their bookings. These messages come from CovidVaccineBookings@islanddrug.com (use this as a search term in your email).Unfortunately, Microsoft didn’t allow all the appointment update messages again, because of the mass email quantities (mid Feb- mid March updates). However, you can still use the lookup tool. Further, the magic links still work from the original confirmation. So you can view/update at any time.Even though we moved appointments back, we are prepared to move groups back up the moment we get supply — which we expect. For example, if we get 300 doses in a shipment, we will promptly move the next group of 300 appointments up.
One last time, please continue to use these tools BEFORE attempting contact with staff:
Appointment Booking Platformappointment lookup /confirmation toolSelf-performed Modification/Cancelation instructions
1/30/21 Update/Status 4:45pmOur stores are getting vaccine next week, but not enough to proceed with all appointments.
We share in your disappointment and frustration.
If you want more context from over the past week, including some processes involved in vaccine allocations and available actions/potential remedies, please read more here.
Here is how we are proceeding.
We are running vaccine clinics Monday and Tuesday across all three sites. You will find the reason for early-week dates in the blog post.
At the time of this post (1/30 4:45pm), we are temporarily taking down the appointment booking page to make adjustments. We expect it back up late Saturday or EARLY AM Feb 1 We won’t be sending another email when it is up, but the appointment lookup page will give you a live status of the data.
Our team will preserve the order of booking. They will slide appointments back three weeks for those we don’t have enough supply for this week. If sufficient supply comes in next week, we will again move up appointments to match the allocation. As always, stay tuned to your email.
Also, for people that have appointments Monday Feb 1, including second dose appointments, we are sliding morning appointments back to starting at noon. Shipments arrive approximately at 10am frozen. We have to allow thaw time and give a little grace period in case FedEx is delayed a bit.
How to Manage AppointmentsFirst.
You can now look up your appointments.
Second.
You CAN manage (change/cancel) your appointments independent of our staff’s involvement. Please view instructions for self-directed appointment management here.
Please use these tools before attempting to contact staff at our locations — including in person. As much as we enjoy interacting with customers, the number of calls/emails exceeds our capacity. Especially when they are working hard to vaccinate people. Further, in-person appointment inquiries impair our ability to maintain social distancing and queue management during vaccination appointments.
We appreciate your efforts to use these self-directed resources.
Second Dose Appointments
On second shot appointments, we have separate appointment types on the platform.PLEASE do NOT schedule yourself a 2nd shot appointment, because the 1st shots types are full, please. For people that did do this, your bookings will be canceled. We must match second doses to the proper people.
We are sending emails, texts, and phone calls to those who are due for their second shot 14 days beforehand. Please wait until our notification to book your second appointment. We will make sure sufficient slots are available.
Please continue to make appointments and check for openings on our scheduling platform. We expect cancelations and subsequent openings as those who are able venture to mass vaccine sites far away. If you are one with an appointment who finds vaccine out of area, we respectfully ask you cancel the appointment(s) you have on file via the lookup and management resources described above.For those coming into appointments:
To make the process FASTER in-store, please fill out this form in advance AND bring your insurance card/ID! Better yet, please bring copies of your insurance/ID. This will allow you to proceed to the vaccine line ahead of people who still need to fill out the form and get copies.
And now, a Thank You.
Thank you for the outpouring of support and appreciation from so many.Thank you to our staff for their efforts. Long hours. Changing variables – sometimes hourly. Sacrificing family time in lieu of improving public health. Well done.
Island Drug is proud to again serve in the role of Your Most Convenient Vaccination Destination, just as we did during the H1N1 pandemic.
please note there are multiple appointment types, choose appropriately
Here’s What To Expect During Your Visit:
We are set up to maintain social distancing guidelines(pls still wear a mask!), even with our normal pharmacy customer flow. Lines will be segregated.You will come in during the hour you booked your appointment, for example anytime between 9-10am if you grabbed the 9a slot. We don’t want everyone coming in promptly at 9a! Your time in store won’t be very long, the hour range is just to ensure our occupancy stays within the guidelines.Upon entering the store, you will either present your form or be asked to fill out your form before proceeding to the pharmacy. Dedicated socially distanced standing desk areas are available, but please fill out in advance if you are able – saves time for all involved.With a completed form, our front desk staff will direct you to the Covid Vaccine line near the pharmacy (again, separate from the pharmacy line). It is marked with yellow tape for distancing. Please do not head to that line until directed. You may stay with household members with in the 6 feet and in the immunization room.When you are at the front of the line, a technician will call you up to review your insurance information.Then, you proceed to the pharmacist when directed.After your shot, guidelines ask you to hang around our store for 15 minutes. We want to make sure no adverse reactions happen. You will receive a text message at the start and conclusion of your 15 minute evaluation period. It may be done in your car or shopping around the store.We will notify you when the second dose is due (30 days).
  To make the process FASTER in-store, please fill out this form in advance AND bring your insurance card!
Please enter your email here to stay updated!
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe to Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Island Drug. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Island Drug, 32170 State Route 20, Oak Harbor, WA, 98277, http://www.islanddrug.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
https://www.doh.wa.gov/Portals/1/Documents/1600/coronavirus/VaccinationPhasesInfographic.pdf
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 

1612998697