15:55:56 02/12/21 PST
https://islanddrug.com/pages/covidvaccine/
Vaccine Stocked?Yes – ModernaLocationOak Harbor – LimitedCurrent Phase Immunizing: (pls sign up below for phase/eligibility change notification emails)1a2 (Health Care & LTC)1b1 (65+ yrs and 50+yrs in multigenerational)
We are excited to welcome these groups to book an appointment now:
All people 65 years or olderAll people 50 years or older in multigenerational householdsAll workers in health care or long-term care settingyou are welcome to keep checking for openings as people do cancel and move around
NEW APPOINTMENT LOOKUP TOOL – Appointment Management Instructions
2/12/2021 Update
Good News / Bad News
First the good (of course).
The state has approved our 2nd shot allocation (aka boosters) for this week (originally shorted) and next week.
We expect this shipment Tuesday morning.
Our team will update both weeks appointments (those due the week of Feb 8 and the week of Feb 15) for administration between Tuesday and Friday next week. We are excited to finish everyone’s series!
These boosters are ONLY for those who received their first dose with us AND who are due. Our pharmacists will administer NO early boosters per CDC guidelines. Second shots for the Moderna vaccine are at least 28 days after the first.
If you got your original shot with us, but didn’t book a second dose appointment, you may walk in any time between Tuesday and Friday (please don’t all try first thing Tuesday, we have the appropriate amount of doses for the entire week). 
We will require proof of the original shot. Your CDC vaccination record card is the documentation we need. If you don’t have it with you, we can look it up. But, that will likely cause a delay in store.
Ok, the bad news.
As part of the state’s response to fix delayed boosters (this was a state-wide, not Island Drug specific issue), they re-allocated first dose (aka prime) allotments as the resource. So, we are not receiving any prime doses next week. Unfortunately, we won’t be able to start any new series until prime allocations resume (hopefully with the next series of weekly shipments). Our team will adjust appointments to reflect this as well.
For those who have appointments, the best way we can reduce your time in line is by having completed paperwork with you upon arrival. Our revised vaccine administration form can help. Using Adobe Reader, it now allows attaching images (insurance cards and ID) directly inside the form. Simply print off using your color printer. This allows you to skip the copy machine line and get in the queue for our pharmacist right away!
Also, please don’t forget to bring your cell phone and use the text message arrival process. This helps us manage traffic flow and keep social distancing. All our landlines accept text messages. 
Upon arrival to our parking lot, please text the full names of everyone in your party receiving a vaccine, along with our keyword “anticovid”. 
Here is the example for Oak Harbor arrival, using our phone number 360.675.6688:
And now, a Thank You.
Thank you for the outpouring of support and appreciation from so many.Thank you to our staff for their efforts. Long hours. Changing variables – sometimes hourly. Sacrificing family time in lieu of improving public health. Well done.
Island Drug is proud to again serve in the role of Your Most Convenient Vaccination Destination, just as we did during the H1N1 pandemic.
please note there are multiple appointment types, choose appropriately
Here’s What To Expect During Your Visit:
We are set up to maintain social distancing guidelines(pls still wear a mask!), even with our normal pharmacy customer flow. Lines will be segregated.You will come in during the hour you booked your appointment, for example anytime between 9-10am if you grabbed the 9a slot. We don’t want everyone coming in promptly at 9a! Your time in store won’t be very long, the hour range is just to ensure our occupancy stays within the guidelines.Upon entering the store, you will either present your form or be asked to fill out your form before proceeding to the pharmacy. Dedicated socially distanced standing desk areas are available, but please fill out in advance if you are able – saves time for all involved.With a completed form, our front desk staff will direct you to the Covid Vaccine line near the pharmacy (again, separate from the pharmacy line). It is marked with yellow tape for distancing. Please do not head to that line until directed. You may stay with household members with in the 6 feet and in the immunization room.When you are at the front of the line, a technician will call you up to review your insurance information.Then, you proceed to the pharmacist when directed.After your shot, guidelines ask you to hang around our store for 15 minutes. We want to make sure no adverse reactions happen. You will receive a text message at the start and conclusion of your 15 minute evaluation period. It may be done in your car or shopping around the store.We will notify you when the second dose is due (30 days).
  To make the process FASTER in-store, please fill out this form in advance AND bring your insurance card!
Please enter your email here to stay updated!
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe to Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Island Drug. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Island Drug, 32170 State Route 20, Oak Harbor, WA, 98277, http://www.islanddrug.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
https://www.doh.wa.gov/Portals/1/Documents/1600/coronavirus/VaccinationPhasesInfographic.pdf
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... 

1613174156